I'm Sonic a little ball of super energy
in an extremely handsome package on my
planet people were always after my
powers so I came to yours it gets a
little lonely okay I am living my best
life on earth the place at the pitcher's
mound also Sonic no I can't with that
guy
[Applause]
oh why are you hiding out in my garage
for me if they steal my power it could
conquer the universe you have to help me
Louie no please it's life or death
good morning my royal chum mr. dr.
Robotnik I'm going to give you five
seconds to tell me where it is
wait don't hurt him
Rhodri just can't be happening me oh my
god stop the call right now what the
world's largest rubber band ball we
gotta see it no this is not some fun
family road trip Yeah right
it was lame gift shop let's go though
whatever this creature is I'm going to
uncover the source its power
[Music]
I just thought you might like a latte
with steamed Austrian goat milk of
course I would a lot of take I love the
way you make them we gotta lay low let
me show you how it's done so super get
out of here yeah time to go I always
want to do this
how are you not dead I have no idea
oh that was an illegal left by the way
oh this one is cute let's keep oh you
turn right
but why would you throw your life away
for this silliness of a lien good time
is my friend let's go
[Applause]
this is my power
and I'm using it to protect my friends
so you're supposed to be Tom's best
friend that he won't shut up about well
I don't see the appeal
[Music]